README.md, before:

# <img src="https://www.rust-lang.org/logos/rust-logo-blk.svg" width="100"> Rust template ![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template)
[![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/online-green?logo=gamejolt&logoColor=white&label=Benchmark%20tracks&labelColor=black&link=https%3A%2F%2Fbencher.dev%2Fconsole%2Fprojects%2Frust-template)](https://bencher.dev/console/projects/rust-template)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template/graph/badge.svg?token=MrM1EEfgvD)](https://codecov.io/gh/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template)
[![Integration test for Rust](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template/actions/workflows/integration-test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template/actions/workflows/integration-test.yml)

[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)


Rust template that contains automatic benchmarking, automatic mutation testing, automatic fuzz testing. 

## Resources

- Benchmark tool : https://bencher.dev/learn/benchmarking/rust/libtest-bench/
- Benchmark CI : https://bencher.dev/docs/how-to/github-actions/
- mutation testing : https://mutants.rs
- Code coverage : https://codecov.io/gh/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template
- Crate publish: https://crates.io/settings/tokens
- Crate prusti : https://viperproject.github.io/prusti-dev/user-guide/tour/getting-started

## Customizing template

### Ctrl + Shift + F for replace:
- [ ] `Rust template` -> with your project name
- [ ] `template-exercisme` -> with your rust project name
- [ ] `Exercism-Rust-Template` -> with your GitHub repository name
- [ ] `rust-template` -> with your Bencher project name
- [ ] `MathieuSoysal` -> with your GitHub username
- [ ] `2024` -> with the current year
- [ ] `Rust template that contains automatic benchmarking, automatic mutation testing, automatic fuzz testing. ` -> with your project description

### Secrets
- [ ] Add `BENCHER_API_KEY` in your repository secrets
- [ ] Add `CODECOV_TOKEN` in your repository secrets
- [ ] Add `CARGO_REGISTRY_TOKEN` in your repository secrets

## 🚀 Installation


<details>
<summary>MacOS</summary>
Install the latest version for your system:

```bash
curl -sS https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercisme-Rust-Template/main/install/install.sh | sh
```
</details>

<details>
<summary>Linux</summary>

Install the latest version for your system:
```bash
curl -sS https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercisme-Rust-Template/main/install/install.sh | sh
```
</details>

<details>
<summary>Windows</summary>

Install the latest version for your system: [Install](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercisme-Rust-Template/releases/latest/download/starship-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc.msi)

</details>

## 🤝 Contributing

We are always looking for contributors of **all skill levels**! If you're looking to ease your way into the project, try out a [good first issue](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template/labels/🌱%20good%20first%20issue).

If you are interested in helping contribute to Rust template, don't hesitate to create your issue [Create new Issue](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template/issues/new/choose).

### 🚀 Quick start contributing

**Quick start contributing** you just need to click to this link [Start Online Devcontainer](https://codespaces.new/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template?quickstart=1) to automatically create a development environment for this project and start contributing ;) and you can also read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2019-present, [Rust template Contributors](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template/graphs/contributors).<br>
This project is [ISC](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercism-Rust-Template/blob/main/LICENSE) licensed.

## ⭐️ Support project

If you like this project, feel free to support it by clicking on the ⭐️ button.

Commit message:

Update project to CodinGame Rust template, change toolchain version, and add Fibonacci benchmarking

README.md, after:

# <img src="https://www.rust-lang.org/logos/rust-logo-blk.svg" width="100"> CodinGame Rust template ![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template)
[![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/online-green?logo=gamejolt&logoColor=white&label=Benchmark%20tracks&labelColor=black&link=https%3A%2F%2Fbencher.dev%2Fconsole%2Fprojects%2Frust-template)](https://bencher.dev/console/projects/rust-template)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template/graph/badge.svg?token=MrM1EEfgvD)](https://codecov.io/gh/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template)
[![Integration test for Rust](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template/actions/workflows/integration-test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template/actions/workflows/integration-test.yml)

[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)


CodinGame Rust template that contains automatic benchmarking, automatic mutation testing, automatic fuzz testing. 

## Resources

- Benchmark tool : https://bencher.dev/learn/benchmarking/rust/libtest-bench/
- Benchmark CI : https://bencher.dev/docs/how-to/github-actions/
- mutation testing : https://mutants.rs
- Code coverage : https://codecov.io/gh/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template
- Crate publish: https://crates.io/settings/tokens
- Crate prusti : https://viperproject.github.io/prusti-dev/user-guide/tour/getting-started

## Customizing template

### Ctrl + Shift + F for replace:
- [ ] `CodinGame Rust template` -> with your project name
- [ ] `codingame-rust-template` -> with your rust project name
- [ ] `CodinGame_Rust_template` -> with your GitHub repository name
- [ ] `rust-template` -> with your Bencher project name
- [ ] `MathieuSoysal` -> with your GitHub username
- [ ] `2024` -> with the current year
- [ ] `CodinGame Rust template that contains automatic benchmarking, automatic mutation testing, automatic fuzz testing. ` -> with your project description

### Secrets
- [ ] Add `BENCHER_API_KEY` in your repository secrets
- [ ] Add `CODECOV_TOKEN` in your repository secrets
- [ ] Add `CARGO_REGISTRY_TOKEN` in your repository secrets

## 🚀 Installation


<details>
<summary>MacOS</summary>
Install the latest version for your system:

```bash
curl -sS https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercisme-Rust-Template/main/install/install.sh | sh
```
</details>

<details>
<summary>Linux</summary>

Install the latest version for your system:
```bash
curl -sS https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercisme-Rust-Template/main/install/install.sh | sh
```
</details>

<details>
<summary>Windows</summary>

Install the latest version for your system: [Install](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/Exercisme-Rust-Template/releases/latest/download/starship-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc.msi)

</details>

## 🤝 Contributing

We are always looking for contributors of **all skill levels**! If you're looking to ease your way into the project, try out a [good first issue](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template/labels/🌱%20good%20first%20issue).

If you are interested in helping contribute to CodinGame Rust template, don't hesitate to create your issue [Create new Issue](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template/issues/new/choose).

### 🚀 Quick start contributing

**Quick start contributing** you just need to click to this link [Start Online Devcontainer](https://codespaces.new/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template?quickstart=1) to automatically create a development environment for this project and start contributing ;) and you can also read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2019-present, [CodinGame Rust template Contributors](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template/graphs/contributors).<br>
This project is [ISC](https://github.com/MathieuSoysal/CodinGame_Rust_template/blob/main/LICENSE) licensed.

## ⭐️ Support project

If you like this project, feel free to support it by clicking on the ⭐️ button.
